# Flower Shop App##### by Dito Hartoto## Versions- Ruby 2.3.0- Rspec 3.5.0## Instructions1. run `bundle install`2. run `ruby flower_shop_app.rb` to start the application.3. Save order.csv to 'public/uploads folder' (There is a csv file already in the  folder that would return the expected output below.)4. Enter '1' to generate output or '2' to exit the application.To run the tests suite run `bundle exec rspec`.## Context:A flower shop used to base the price of their flowers on an item by item cost.So if a customer ordered 10 roses then they would be charged 10x the cost ofsingle rose. The flower shop has decided to start selling their flowers inbundles and charging the customer on a per bundle basis. So if the shop soldroses in bundles of 5 and 10 and a customer ordered 15 they would get a bundleof 10 and a bundle of 5.The flower shop currently sells the following products:Name | Code | Bundle-----|------|-------Roses | R12 | 5 @ $6.99      |     | 10 @ $12.99Lilies | L09 | 3 @ $9.95      |      |6 @ $16.95      |      | 9 @ $24.95Tulips | T58 | 3 @ $5.95      |       | 5 @ $9.95      |       | 9 @ $16.99## Task:Given a customer order you are required to determine the cost and bundlebreakdown for each product. To save on shipping space each order should containthe minimal number of bundles.## Input:Each order has a series of lines with each line containing the number of itemsfollowed by the product code. An example input:```10 R1215 L0913 T58```## Output:A successfully passing test(s) that demonstrates the following output:(The format of the output is not important)```10 R12 $12.99  1 x 10 $12.9915 L09 $41.9  1 x 9 $24.95  1 x 6 $16.9513 T58 $25.85  2 x 5 $19.9  1 x 3 $5.95```